
### In such a context, **distributed algorithms** present numerous advantages **against centralized ones** that we summarize as follows. 
* Scalability: the architecture of a decentralized system is very flexible and more adapted to large scale networks. The network can be expanded by adding new UAVs that will autonomously converge to a stable and efficient state without resulting in additional load to a centralized entity (as it is the case for centralized networks). 
* Robustness to failure: in centralized networks, a failure of the centralized node may result in the failure of the whole system as the network architecture depends on a single centric point (e.g. a ground base station) that computes the best strategies for all the UAVs. In contrast, in distributed schemes, if a UAV node fails, only its neighbors have to update their strategies. 
* Robustness to bottlenecks: centralized networks are sensitive to bottlenecks as a large amount of overhead needs to be exchanged from the UAVs to the centralized entity and vice versa. A decentralized approach makes it easier to UAVs to communicate with each other without overloading a particular component of the network.
*  Computational efforts: centralized schemes require high computational efforts to process the collected informa- tion, whereas distributed ones necessitate less computa- tional capacity as computations are distributed among all the network agents (i.e. UAVs).
* Synchronization: unlike centralized approaches where a global clock is needed to synchronize the centralized entity with the UAV nodes, a distributed realization allows to each UAV to build its strategy depending on its own clock. Therefore, each UAV can decide about its strategy by collecting local information without any need of synchronization with the entire system.
